338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: _partials/_migrate_awsrds_migrate_data_downtime.md

</Procedure>

> ## Migrate roles from RDS to your Tiger Cloud service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migrate roles from RDS to your $SERVICE_LONG
```

</Procedure> 

> ## Migrate data from your RDS instance to your Tiger Cloud service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migrate data from your RDS instance to your $SERVICE_LONG
```
